---
layout: post
title: saying yes to formation
categories:
- general
feature_image: "https://i.imgur.com/btyODva.jpg"
---

I, Lawrence Barriner II, brother to Laurentius, child of Jacqueline and Lawrence (by blood), grandchild of Ruth (by blood), Martin (by love), William (by blood), Carrie (by love), James (by love), Doretha (by blood) and Henry (by blood), descendent of Gilbert Maynor, born 1813, of Charleston, South Carolina, godfather of Asa, uncle of Jayden, Apollo, Alvie, and Leah, and inspired by the powerful work and lineages of Boston facilitators and healers, queer Christian mystics, theologians, writers, and poets...

**Commit**
Say yes to this nine months transformation, supported by deep introspection, self- and community-care, healing/integration, and love. This commitment to my transformation is in support of my own movement towards liberation which, in turn and simultaneously is a necessary driver and element of liberation for our species (and beyond). In order to authentically use my gift / responsibility (supporting transformation), I must have the experience of my own transformation. 

**Practice**
I will remind myself of my commitment by reading it aloud weekly, ideally during Sabbath. 
I will document my process weekly (maybe as a way to break my Sabbath) by writing and taking photos to share with my small group as well as my formation team. 
I will work with tarot daily. 
I will engage in journey work with plant medicine. 
I will meditate daily for 20+ minutes and have at least one 60 minute session per week. 

**Support and Inspiration**
I know that this will not be easy. I will remember to return to my commitment when I struggle or want to back out of this work. I will preemptively ask my elder to check in on me every two weeks. I will make sure that my formation small group and team knows my telltale signs of struggle and avoidance: poor time-management, lack of high-quality sleep, and under-communication about what is happening. When I feel overwhelmed, I will scale back to my minimum viable ritual: meditation. 

**To What End**
I make this commitment with my whole heart, knowing it may involve unforeseen challenges and disruption to the life I have known. It is worth doing because the gift, the medicine I have is useless unless it is shared. I have seen previous iterations of impact when I am doing my work in the world and now it is time to level up. Why now? The increasingly chaotic world we live in will require everything we have if our species is going to survive. I recognize and accept that the survival our species is not a necessity; species go extinct all the time. ‘Everything we have’ includes what I have and I am ready to step even farther into what that is so that I can play my part in this beautiful, universal love song of life and death. 
