---
layout: post
title: 9 feb update
categories:
- General
feature_image: "https://i.imgur.com/btyODva.jpg"
---

just sharing a few quick thoughts from the past couple of days:

* **taking a sabbath day**: i observed shabbat friday (yesterday) sundown, 508p, until sundown today ~512p. on the way into it, i felt more anxiety than i have in a really long time. i was/am so "behind" on things and i owe so many people (particularly friends i care a lot about and have begun to do professional work with) so many things. i kept thinking "if i just worked all day tomorrow, i could totally catch up." i resisted that and observed shabbat anyways because there will always be more work to do. the muscle i am trying to build by observing shabbat is recognition that there will *always* be more work to do and resting needs to happen either way. as of right now, i am really glad i did! we'll see how that feels come next week, though...
    * i want a more ritualistic way to break this sabbath... today i broke it by texting. lame. 
* **non-attachment**: i have been working intensely with non-attachment lately. trying to hold it in as many ways and places as possible. it really is a mindfuck. even in a conversation last week someone said to me "oh wow, you're really being devil's advocaty' today aren't you?" and i just said, "well, it's just really easy to get caught up in stories that may or may not be true. and either way, things that are real one minute can shift in the next one. so it's just better and easier to be grounded and hold every moment and situation as if it could change... because it could!"
    * funny related story: i was on the orange line train on friday and an orange i was going to eat as a snack fell out of my bag. as it rolled off, i made a slight groan but then accepted the loss and watched it hit someone else's foot. i hoped whoever it hit would pick it up and get a nice gift for that day. i returned to my book and thought that was that. but as the train pulled into mass. ave station, the momentum of the train car reverse and the orange started rolling back. as i watched, it came right towards me! just as the train was stopping, i stuck my foot out and stopped the orange in its tracks! i reached down, picked it up, put it in my bag, and basically waltzed off the train. UNREAL! talk about feeling magical as fuck lol. what's the lesson here? i don't even know, but i'm listening!!!
+ thanks to those of you who have reached out regarding my [avoidance post]()! i'm just dropping nisha's response here so i can find it without going back into my email:

**from nisha**:

Here's what is dropping in for me in response to your question,

> when you know where you’re headed but you are stuck, what do you do to get yourself unstuck? how do you take a step forward?

* I move energy in my body and spirit through drumming, singing, yoga asanas, or dance that involves lots of rolling of my hips. (Luana planted the seed for this practice when once inviting me to break up grant writing with 5-10 min jams on my cajon)
* I reflect on my [inner critics](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1E3iwHN7km--SFghvqBUZXlJ4HUcnN5LHdwycXpooYzo/edit?usp=sharing) and which of these may be holding me back from taking a step forward out a sense of protection. I engage in dialogue (journaling) with the one(s) who seems to be most present and assure this critic(s) that my experiences, wisdom, awarenesses, skills, and gifts are enough for the steps I want to take. 
* I imagine the smallest step I can take in the direction of my vision and make time to take it in the next 48 hours. 

With regards to our shadow energy, a former coach recommended reading [Owning Your Own Shadow –Understanding the Dark Side of the Psyche by Robert A. Johnson](https://www.amazon.com/Owning-Your-Own-Shadow-Understanding/dp/0062504223/ref=sr_1_1?hvadid=78408977302352&hvbmt=bp&hvdev=c&hvqmt=p&keywords=owning+your+own+shadow&qid=1549729720&s=gateway&sr=8-1&tag=mh0b-20) as part of my coaching work with her. I recall it helping me understand my shadow energy as a potent source of my creativity. It may speak to you as you embark on your shadow work. A warning that there is a fair amount of christian theological references in the book.
