---
layout: post
title: 
categories:
- horoscope
feature_image: "https://i.imgur.com/btyODva.jpg"
---

source: https://chaninicholas.com/2019-horoscope/

# Aries

_basic personality & ego_

**As Saturn, Pluto, the south node and three eclipses activate your 10th house of career, 2019 continues to up the anti in all your public and professional roles. You are being asked to build your resume with what you want to be known for.** Consider what it means to take responsibility for doing more of whatever makes you feel boss in the best of ways. **Keep developing the structures that are sturdy, and roomy, enough for the transformations you are undertaking.** Change is a constant in every aspect of life, but **2019 asks you to let go of what doesn’t work for you in your professional sphere**. **Like muscle memory, every time you refuse to compare yourself to someone else, or _some false “age-appropriate” goal_, the more familiar you are accessing and working with your creative energy.**

With the first of three eclipses in your 10th house of public and professional roles on January 5th, the **beginning of the year is the perfect time to dedicate your energy to identifying, and then committing to outgrow, the fears you have of failure and success**. Work with this eclipse to remove your hesitations and encourage yourself to take a leap of faith in your ability to show up and figure out a way forward. **Stay focused on the carefully selected professional goals you most wish to accomplish, and let go of the rest. Parsing your professional life down to its core, essential components is key to your success at the moment. **

Two weeks later, on January 20th, the total lunar eclipse in Leo activates your 5th house of creative self-expression. This eclipse highlights the healing and work that you have accomplished in this area of your life over the past two years. Creative projects get an important boost of attention and applause.

The north node and this summer’s total solar eclipse increase your appetite for the opposite; a cozy home and connections that feel familial, safe, and nourishing. **2019 asks for balance.** R**eleasing what doesn’t work for you professionally is actually part of what helps you feel more at home. The less you have to fake it to make it, the more energy you’ll have to settle in and show up as yourself.**

[From November 2018 through to December 2019](https://chaninicholas.com/horoscopes-for-jupiter-in-sagittarius-november-2018-december-2019/), **Jupiter expands your opportunity for travel, teaching, researching, and having a wild love-affair with information that inspires you. Watch for books to fall from shelves, long-term plans to roll out with greater ease, and travel pamphlets that catch your eye.** It’s not that you want to (or can) take up every adventure on its offer; it’s about remembering that **you are never too old, too stuck, or too far gone to begin again.**

As [Uranus](https://chaninicholas.com/horoscopes-for-uranus-in-taurus-may-2018-april-2026/) finishes up its transit through your sign (not to return for another 84 years), **the first couple of months of 2019 (January to March) mark the end of a very long adventure in personal rebellion.** **The planet of upheaval and breakthroughs has spent the last 7 years making sure life is anything but predictable**. **The changes you have made over these years hopefully liberated you from any false notion of needing to fit in or follow a trajectory not made for you.** **As Uranus (re)enters your 2nd house of assets, resources, and income in March, it continues to awaken you to innovate ways of doing business**. Because it stays here until 2026, this is a long process, but one that will continue to help you liberate any outdated notions of how to make a buck or be defined by one.  

[need to finish highlighting aquarius and virgo]

# Aquarius Rising 

_how others experience me_

The first eclipse on 2019 (and the two that follow it in July and December) makes a strong imprint upon you. A large chunk of this year’s astrology happens in a part of your chart that deals with the work you do behind the scenes. Much of your glory is secret, but not to be underestimated in its importance.

Your healing is the boss you want to work for. And make proud. 

As your internal operating systems get a reboot, you are awakened to the absolute necessity of working with the more subtle aspects of your life. Inner imbalances become glaringly obvious, knocking your outer life off course. Energetic bills that you have put off come looking for payment. Efforts that you make to understand your psyche has major payoffs. Whatever rituals help you to stay psychically attuned, aligned, and clear need to be practiced with great rigor and reverence for their power. This work is not about receiving outside accolades, although it eventually brings you a tremendous amount. This work is about clearing out everything that has gotten in the way of you living honestly with yourself. As you do, more and more falls into place. 

Alignment with, is greater than aggressively pushing towards, your goals. 

The second eclipse of 2019 occurs on January 20th, and is a total lunar eclipse and the last of its kind for a while. Over the past two years these eclipses have been activating your 7th house of committed partnerships. Lessons have come through those that you have risked joining forces with in romance or business. What you have learned about yourself in the process can’t be quantified, but it is clear that the learning has been priceless. Looking back, what have you accomplished, learned, or healed that could have only been done given the commitments you were working within? 

2019’s third eclipse comes in July. It encourages you to nurture your most important work projects. Whether you are trying something new or finding new ways to put more heart and soul into your already existing professional pursuits, do so with great emotional tenderness and tenacity. Your projects need to know you care about them, so too do the people you are co-creating them with. 

From November 2018 through to December 2019, Jupiter gifts you with an abundance of blessings that flow to you through community. Your friends, collaborators, and co-conspirators are able to lift your spirits, open doors, and help to carry your dreams to their next destination. Return the favor. Your soul yearns to give and receive generosity. 

As Uranus finishes up its transit through your 3rd house of communications until March of 2019, it puts the finishing touches on the 7 year journey you have had together here. Through it, you have learned to speak the truth no matter the mayhem it may cause. Next, Uranus moves into your 4th house of family and foundation. Here until 2026, Uranus aims to revolutionize the ways in which you relate to your past and present family formation. Work on liberating yourself from norms that refuse your individuality for the sake of a false family harmony. 

# Virgo

_moon: inner self & deepest emotions_

January 5th is home to the first of a series of eclipses that activate your 5th house of creative energy, projects, and progeny. With its arrival you are asked to clarify your commitments to all you are bringing into form. If you want it, what are you willing to give to it and give up for it?

Since eclipses will be occurring in this area of your chart for the next year and a half (July and December of 2019 and July of 2020), the first of its kind doesn’t necessarily demand an answer to this question. It’s more of an introduction to a process that you are in, setting the tone for your learning process. Meditate on what you wish to create but haven’t been able to due to fear of failure, success, or mediocrity. There is nothing average about making a sincere effort. There is only courage and a willingness to work through the awkward phases of learning how to self-express. Don’t worry about getting what you create right, just worry about letting your small fears stand in the way of big things. 

The second eclipse of the year occurs on January 20th. It is a super moon, total lunar eclipse that lights up your 12th house of behind the scenes projects, unconscious habits and patterns. It  is the last in a series of eclipses in this part of your chart and it highlights the incredible healing that you have done over the past couple of years. What you have lost, and what you have had to let go of, may have been tremendous but what you have learned about yourself will last your lifetime. 

This summer’s total solar eclipse amplifies the communal care you are in need of giving and receiving. With an increase of energy here, your friends, groups, and collectives you are a part of are all places of important exchanges. Party with connection as your intention and see what projects, insights, and opportunities form between you and others. 

From November 2018 through to December 2019, Jupiter is busy getting your house in order. With this expansive influence, your ideas of home and family grow, but so too might the members of it. Who are you welcoming? What are they teaching you? Notice what past patterns, feelings of abandonment, and fears of rejection are starting to soften, and maybe even heal. 

Uranus finishes up its transit through your 8th house of collaborative efforts and enters your 9th house of long-term plans. Come March (and staying until 2026), Uranus influences your ideas about your place in the world, asking you to think more broadly about your future. More options open up to you as old paths close down before you can reach them. This shift in course is common with this transit. You’ll most likely end up studying, teaching, or traveling to places you had no idea you’d want to over the next 7 years, something that is made much more enjoyable when we are open to the possibilities rather than being married to an outcome. 