---
layout: post
title: libations (part 2)
categories:
- General
feature_image: "https://i.imgur.com/btyODva.jpg"
---

i found another blog post on libations: [gye-nyame journey: how to pour libations](https://www.gyenyamejourney.com/2011/04/how-to-pour-libations.html). there's a really helpful narration of verbal libations that i'm going to do for a week or so with my tarot pulls and see what happens. the words for the libations are down below. 

also, something i learned from that author is this: 

> Libations are very serious, because when we do them we invite the Universal axe' (spirit) to be active in the room. We must realize that this axe' is always present, but when we consciously call it into our presence we have the opportunity to bless ourselves and others. If we play with it we can do great harm to ourselves and everyone in the room. If the leader of the ritual is not focused and consciously calls this energy into a room that is not ready it is like having a energy surge in your house, a fuse can be blown. But  instead of the lights going out in the house (which they can), the metaphoric lights in some of the participants lives go out (unbalanced events can begin to happen).

so now i've shifted my daily question from "what do i need to know today?" to "ancestors, what do i need to know today?" it's a seemingly tiny shift, but my pulls yesterday and today already feel different and more powerful. probably partly because of my intentionality and partly because Spirit.

reality really does seem to be what we make it. hm!

---


In the presence of our all powerful, all knowing, and all present Creator by what ever name you call It we Pour
AXE'

We pour for our Celestial ancestors known in different cultures by different names. to some they are known as Orisha, to some they are known as Neteru, to some Angels we pour for them
AXE'

In the presence of our ancient ancestors. Those that existed before our Maafa. those that existed before our captivity... feel free to call names....we pour
AXE'

In the presence of our ancestors who died during the middle passage and our Maafa, we pour.....
AXE'

We pour for Universal Ancestors. The One's that researched and taught us who we are. those freedom fighters that stood for what was and is right.... feel free to call names..... we pour...
AXE'

We pour for our Personal ancestors. Those who gave birth to us, nurtured us and taught us. feel free to call names..... we pour
AXE'

We pour to welcome the the present moment. We salute the power of the moment, and salute the the ever present now....we pour
AXE'

We pour for our future generations. We remember them now and build for them, so that they can one day pour for us...we pour
AXE'

We pour to the seven directions to west, north, east, south, the up, the down and we pour for the center which dwells in each of us...we pour
AXE'

We pour for the 5 elements , we pour for the fire, earth, air, water, and the life that they all combine and make... we pour
AXE'

We pour for each individual here and any issues that you would like to share feel free to shout them out..... we pour 
AXE'

Which brings us back to where we started. We began with the Creator and we end with the Creator we pour 3 times .......
AXE' AXE' AXE'